Update Docs/Simulation tips (#2316)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/simulation_tips.md

its elements to do that. Consider the example below:

> ```julia

Reviewer: Should we turn the examples here into doctests?

Author: Don't they need GPU?
Our docs are built on CPU...

```julia
julia> model.velocities.u.data
3×3×3 OffsetArray(::CUDA.CuArray{Float64, 3}, 0:2, 0:2, 0:2) with eltype Float64 with indices 0:2×0:2×0:2:
[:, :, 0] =
Error showing value of type OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{Float64, 3, CUDA.CuArray{Float64, 3}}:
ERROR: Scalar indexing is disallowed.
```

Here `CUDA.jl` throws an error because scalar `getindex` is not `allowed`. There are ways to
overcome this limitation and allow scalar indexing (more about that 

> [here](https://cuda.juliagpu.org/stable/usage/workflow/#UsageWorkflowScalar)), but this option

Author: ```suggestion
in the [CUDA.jl documentation](https://cuda.juliagpu.org/stable/usage/workflow/#UsageWorkflowScalar)), but this option
```
